{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;
\red17\green17\blue17;
\red46\green116\blue181;
\red31\green77\blue120;
\red95\green107\blue122;
\red155\green28\blue28;
\red122\green90\blue0;
\red215\green223\blue231;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\viewkind4\uc1
{\pard\sa80\sb0\f0\b\fs20\cf4 Business Analysis Brief\par}{\pard\sa40\sb0\f0\b\fs46\cf1 Mindgood Platform Gap Analysis\par}{\pard\sa220\sb0\f0\fs26\cf4 Assessment of current product coverage, critical gaps, and requirements needed for a mature mental wellness platform\par}{\pard\sa80\f0\fs22\cf1\b Prepared for  \b0 Mindgood product and delivery stakeholders\par}{\pard\sa80\f0\fs22\cf1\b Prepared on  \b0 July 7, 2026\par}{\pard\sa80\f0\fs22\cf1\b Assessment basis  \b0 Current application codebase, platform routes, data models, API flows, legal content, and operational features in the Mindgood repository\par}{\pard\sa80\f0\fs22\cf1\b Assessment lens  \b0 Business analysis, clinical operations readiness, trust and safety, platform maturity, and user journey completeness\par}{\pard\sa60\sb0 \par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Executive Summary\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Mindgood already has the foundation of a strong therapy marketplace and service operations platform. The product supports therapist onboarding, therapist discovery, client booking, payments, video sessions, administrative oversight, and lightweight reflective journaling.\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 From a business analysis perspective, the current solution is more mature as a therapist booking and session delivery platform than as a full mental wellness platform. The most important gaps are concentrated in clinical workflow depth, crisis and safeguarding operations, privacy and compliance readiness, continuity-of-care tooling, and secure between-session support.\par}{\pard\sa180\sb80\f0\b\fs22\cf3 Overall BA conclusion: Mindgood is well-positioned as a digital therapy marketplace, but it still needs structured intake, assessments, care planning, safety workflows, secure messaging, stronger access control, and production-grade compliance controls before it can be considered a properly rounded mental wellness platform.\par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Current Platform Coverage\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 The current platform already shows meaningful strength in these areas:\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Therapist marketplace: strong therapist profiles, services, specializations, languages, and verification flow.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Scheduling and booking: strong availability, slot selection, appointment creation, and schedule management.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Video session delivery: working Agora-based session support, though governance can be tighter.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Payments and payouts: present and fairly mature operationally, but with some consistency risks.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Admin operations: strong operational intent across therapists, users, reviews, appointments, payments, and refunds.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Wellness engagement: basic journaling exists, but is not yet deeply connected to care or outcomes.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Clinical workflows: currently light compared with what a mature mental wellness platform requires.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Compliance readiness: partially present, but not yet production-grade in several key areas.\par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Critical Gaps\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 1. Structured Clinical Intake Is Missing\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 The platform captures basic user identity and therapist profile information, but it does not yet capture intake-grade client data such as presenting concerns, risk history, therapy goals, medication profile, previous therapy history, emergency contacts, consent records, or support preferences.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 2. Crisis and Safeguarding Workflows Are Not Operationalized\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Mindgood references crisis support and non-emergency disclaimers, but there is no visible product flow for risk detection, safety escalation, emergency contact use, crisis referral, therapist alerting, or incident handling.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 3. Secure Therapist-Client Messaging Is Not Yet Live\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Between-session communication is a core part of ongoing mental wellness support. The current product does not yet offer production-ready secure asynchronous messaging, which limits continuity, check-ins, homework support, and lower-friction engagement.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 4. Care Documentation Is Too Light\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Therapists can add a client-visible note and a private summary, but there is no structured session note model, no treatment plan tracking, no goals library, no homework mechanism, and no clinically meaningful review of progress over time.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 5. Compliance and Consent Controls Need Production Hardening\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Privacy and terms pages still contain sample-document disclaimers, and client settings still contain unfinished profile and notification update flows. This creates a maturity gap in trust, auditability, and regulatory defensibility.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 6. Access Control and Role Enforcement Need Strengthening\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Role-based protection is not yet stringent enough for a platform handling sensitive behavioral-health information. This creates both technical and platform trust risk.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 7. Guest Participation in Sessions Needs Better Governance\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Couples and family sessions may justify guest access, but the product should still track participant approval, relationship role, informed consent, and a verifiable attendance record for all attendees.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 8. Wellness Tracking Is Present but Not Yet Meaningful\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Journaling is a positive start, but it is not yet connected to therapist review, goals, interventions, symptom scoring, or measurable outcome improvement.\par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Requirements Matrix\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Priority requirements needed for a proper mental wellness platform:\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Clinical intake - Must have: presenting concerns, goals, symptom history, medications, past treatment, emergency contacts, and consent capture.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Safety and crisis - Must have: risk flags, crisis guidance, therapist incident workflow, emergency escalation paths, and audit logs.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Secure communication - Must have: encrypted messaging, attachments, read states, boundaries, and response-time expectations.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Care continuity - Must have: structured notes, treatment plans, shared goals, homework, journaling review, and follow-up actions.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Measurement-based care - Must have: PHQ-9, GAD-7, sleep and stress scales, reassessment cadence, and score trend visibility.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Compliance and consent - Must have: final legal documents, versioned consents, communication preferences, retention controls, and stronger server-side authorization.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Therapist productivity - Should have: note templates, caseload views, reusable interventions, and follow-up reminders.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Self-guided wellness - Should have: guided exercises, sleep routines, CBT worksheets, habit check-ins, and educational content.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Outcome and retention analytics - Should have: activation, retention, no-show reasons, symptom improvement, and therapist response metrics.\par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Recommended Product Roadmap\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 Phase 1: Trust, Security, and Operational Integrity\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 1. Harden authentication and role-based authorization for all sensitive routes and data flows.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 2. Fix payment, webhook, and appointment-status consistency so session and revenue state stay reliable.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 3. Replace sample legal documents with reviewed production policies and capture explicit user consents.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 4. Define governance for guest participation in couples and family sessions.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 Phase 2: Clinical Intake and Safety Foundations\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 1. Launch a structured intake journey for clients.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 2. Add emergency contacts, therapy goals, and safeguarding questions.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 3. Introduce crisis and incident pathways for therapists and admins.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 4. Add clinical screening instruments and baseline scoring.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 Phase 3: Continuity of Care and Engagement\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 1. Release secure therapist-client messaging.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 2. Expand session notes into structured clinical documentation.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 3. Introduce care plans, homework, and journaling review loops.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 4. Link wellness check-ins to measurable client progress.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 Phase 4: Outcomes, Scale, and Differentiation\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 1. Add client and therapist outcome dashboards.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 2. Measure activation, retention, no-show, and symptom-improvement trends.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 3. Introduce guided self-help content and between-session wellness modules.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-220\sa80\f0\fs22 4. Use reporting to shape future matching, therapist tooling, and service-line expansion.\par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Suggested Data Model Additions\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - ClientIntakeProfile - presenting concerns, history, support preferences, emergency contact, risk and safeguarding data, consent flags, and matching inputs.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - AssessmentResponse - screening scores such as PHQ-9, GAD-7, sleep, stress, and follow-up reassessments over time.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - CarePlan - therapist-defined treatment goals, shared actions, milestones, interventions, and review cadence.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - SessionNote - structured post-session documentation with clinical summary, client-visible guidance, homework, risk notes, and next-step planning.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - MessageThread and Message - secure between-session communication, boundaries, attachments, and visibility rules.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - SafetyIncident - crisis flags, therapist escalations, actions taken, and admin review history.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - ConsentRecord - policy acceptance, clinical consent, communication consent, and version history.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - ProgressMetric - symptom trends, adherence markers, check-in streaks, and improvement snapshots for dashboards.\par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Business Implications\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 Risks if gaps remain open\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Difficulty positioning Mindgood credibly as a complete mental wellness platform.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Lower therapist efficiency and weaker continuity between sessions.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Higher trust risk around privacy, safety, and guest participation.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Weaker client retention because the product remains session-only rather than journey-based.\par}{\pard\sa60\sb140\f0\b\fs24\cf3 Benefits if gaps are addressed\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Stronger clinical credibility and safer care operations.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Higher retention through ongoing engagement beyond appointments.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Better therapist productivity and richer client outcomes.\par}{\pard\li360\fi-180\sa80\f0\fs22 - Clearer differentiation from appointment-only therapy marketplaces.\par}{\pard\sa100\sb220\f0\b\fs26\cf2 Final Recommendation\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 Mindgood should continue to build on its strengths in therapist discovery, booking, video sessions, and admin operations, while deliberately investing next in trust, safety, clinical workflow depth, and continuity-of-care tooling. Those areas will create the biggest jump in platform maturity and are the most important for positioning Mindgood as a proper mental wellness platform rather than only a digital appointment and session system.\par}{\pard\sa120\sb0\f0\fs22\cf1 The recommended next artifact after this analysis is a prioritized BA backlog with epics, user stories, data entities, acceptance criteria, and release phasing for the high-priority gaps identified above.\par}}